1.Question 1
Which of the following situations would be an infringement of copyright law?

(Refer to 5.1a)

Check one option.

- A student using images from the internet, downloaded from National Geographic online without permission, for their assignment.

2.Question 2
Bashir is creating a PowerPoint for an assessed presentation at university. He would like to illustrate some of his points using images from the web. Which of the following pieces of advice would you give to Bashir so that he doesn’t infringe copyright?

(Refer to 5.1b)

Check 2 options.

- Check the copyright license on any image you find to see if you can use it.

- Try to use images with Creative Commons licensing which allow reuse.

3.Question 3
You are studying Economics at university, and you are interested in developing your Personal Learning Network (PLN). Which of the following would be good to include in your PLN?

(Refer to 5.2)

Check 3 options.

- A blog with interesting posts written by academics, although only a few of them are about Economics.

- The Facebook profile of a fellow Economics student who always gets good marks at university.

- The Twitter feed of a well-known publication that posts interesting economics statistics.

4.Question 4
You are studying Economics at university. You would like to ‘prune’ your PLN. Which of the following items should you remove, according to lesson 5.2?

(Refer to 5.2)

Check 2 options.

- The Twitter feed of a Nobel prize winning economist who never posts anything.

- Following the Facebook posts of a political party because you wanted to see updates on economic policy, although you hate politics and it bores you.

5.Question 5
Which of the following are examples of your transactional identity online?

(Refer to 5.3a)

Check 2 options.

- Your log in details for eBay

- Your online banking account

6.Question 6
Which of the following are examples of your professional identity online?

(Refer to 5.3a)

Check 2 options.

- Your LinkedIn profile

- An email discussion list for people in the same industry

7.Question 7
Michaela Wen is a PhD student at the University of Sydney. His PhD topic is about exploring the use of a new type of neutron beam to map small crystalline solids. He is setting up a Twitter account. What is the best Twitter bio for him?

(Refer to 5.3b)

Check one option.

- Science geek and PhD candidate at USyd. I shoot very small lasers into very small crystals.

8.Question 8
Consider the following email from a student to his lecturer.

Dear Dr Archer,

My name is Kosta Poulos and I am a student in your APPSCI 102 course Exercise Science 2. I am writing to inform you that I will unfortunately be late to tomorrow’s tutorial. I am a member of the Cronulla Sharks under-21s third grade side, and we are currently 2nd on the league table. However, we have an important game on Saturday with the no. 1 team, and because of this we will have a late training session the night before. The training session will run late, and I have never been good at waking up early, so I will need to sleep in. As a result I will be late to the tutorial. If there’s anything important that I will miss, could you please let me know somehow. Thank you for your understanding.

Best regards,

Kosta

Is the email well-written? Why or why not?

(Refer to 5.4b, 5.4c)

Check one option.

- It is not well-written because it is not concise.

9.Question 9
Consider the following post on a reflection/debate forum in an Education subject.

Discussion question: What is your view on Vygotsky’s notion of the zone of proximal development? Can you relate it to any examples in your own life?

Student 109573: I think Vygotsky’s (1930) notion of proximal development is a great way to understand education and how we might better support learning. It also moves away from a very individual or cognitive notion of education towards a more social model. It also gives greater importance to the role of teachers or other experts in children’s development compared to other thinkers such as Piaget (1926), where the emphasis is much more on the individual development of the child. It is also certainly evident in my life, particularly in learning Chinese. I grew up in a large country town with almost no Chinese people in it, so I was unable to learn Chinese naturally. However my Chinese high school teacher effectively scaffolded my Chinese language learning so that I took it as subject in my university entrance exams. Without that scaffolding I would never have reached that level of use or expertise.

Is the discussion board entry well-written? Why or why not?

(Refer to 5.4d)

Check one option

- Yes, it is well-written.

10.Question 10
Consider the reply to the previous post on a reflection/debate forum in an Education subject.

Discussion question: What is your view on Vygotsky’s notion of the zone of proximal development? Can you relate it to any examples in your own life?

Student 109573: I think Vygotsky’s (1930) notion of proximal development is a great way to understand education and how we might better support learning. It also moves away from a very individual or cognitive notion of education towards a more social model. It also gives greater importance to the role of teachers or other experts in children’s development compared to other thinkers such as Piaget (1926), where the emphasis is much more on the >individual development of the child. It is also certainly evident in my life, particularly in learning Chinese. I grew up in a large country town with almost no Chinese people in it, so I was unable to learn Chinese naturally. However my Chinese high school teacher effectively scaffolded my Chinese language learning so that I took it as subject in my university entrance exams. Without that scaffolding I would never have reached that level of use or expertise.

Student 285727: I agree. Vygotsky’s (1930) ZPD idea is very useful. I think of my soccer training in relation to this. My coach used to mix up the younger players with the older players so that the younger players could learn from the more experienced players.

Is the discussion board entry well-written? Why or why not?

(Refer to 5.4d)

Check one option

- Yes, it is well-written.




