1.Question 1
Which of the following can we use to evaluate the credibility of information sources (including web resources)?

(Refer to 3.1a and b)

Check 7 options.

- Authority of the author

- Scholarly purpose

- Audience

- Objectivity

- The way a web site looks.

- The use of correct grammar

- Currency

2.Question 2
Which of the following publishers would be considered unreliable for an academic context?

(Refer to 3.1a, b and c)

Check 3 options.

- Wikipedia

- Oxford University Press

- Canadian Journal of Chemistry (peer-reviewed journal)

3.Question 3
Consider our example assessment question.

“Doctors can be replaced by software – 80% of them can. 
I’d much rather have a good machine learning system diagnose my disease than the median or average doctor” (Vinod Khosla). 
Discuss the implications of artificial intelligence doing traditionally human tasks from technical, social and economic perspectives.

A student has found the information source below for example assessment question.

An article by a leading roboticist and thinker in the area of AI that appeared in the scholarly journal AI Magazine in 1984. 
SThe article looks at artificial intelligence and employment, specifically looking at the benefits and risks in areas such as defense, education, and business.

What is the problem with the source’s credibility?

(Refer to 3.1a)

Check one option

- The source lacks currency.

4.Question 4
If you want to check the relevance of an information source to your assessment question, why is it important to check if it is written at the appropriate level?

(Refer to 3.2a)

Check one option.

- Because the level of difficulty of technical vocabulary in a source reflects the audience the source is aimed at and the complexity of concepts used.

5.Question 5
When checking for relevance, what does it mean if an information source meets the needs of your assignment?

(Refer to 3.2a)

Check one option.

- It means the information source is the correct type of source for the assignment (e.g., textbook, primary or secondary source).

6.Question 6
Which if the following would probably NOT be a good thing to include in a file name?

(Refer to 3.3a)

Check one option.

- Author’s first name

7.Question 7
Imagine you are writing the first essay for a cultural studies unit on Modernism (CSTU1004). 
The topic is on the influence of the First World War. Your lecturer’s name is Associate Professor Di Jones. 
The date today is 5th December 2017 and it is due on the 10th December 2017. What would be the best name for a draft of this essay, according to lesson 3.3a?

(Refer to 3.3a)

Check one option.

- 171205_CSTU1004_Assignment1

8.Question 8
You have found the following article for our example assessment question on AI. Read the following summary of the parts of the article.

Title: Deep learning neural networks to assess human driver’s intentions in driverless cars

Abstract: A short summary of the article

Introduction: Explains advance of driverless cars in society. Talks about limitations of driverless cars when assessing the driving patterns of human drivers. 
Outlines the purpose of the study – to assess the performance of a deep learning AI system that learns human drivers’ intentions through repeated practice driving on roads.

Methodology: Explains the complex set of algorithms in use to learn while driving, and the means by which their performance was assessed via a series of experiments.

Results: Compares the deep learning neural networks performance against other AI systems.

Discussion: Shows how the deep learning neural network being studied leads to improved driving performance.

Conclusion: Outlines areas for further study, and explains relevance of study to development of driverless cars in general.

Which parts would you read first, in order to decide if you will use this information source?

(Refer to 3.4a)

Check 5 options.

Note: We have not included "headings" as an option because, in this case, the headings would just be the names of the sections (Abstract, Introduction, Methodology etc). 
However, if this was a professional report or contained a number of different sub-headings, then you would read those as well!

- Abstract

- Introduction

- Discussion

- Conclusion

- Title
