1.Question 1
Which record is an article on positive topological entropy in the journal Annals of Mathematics part of?

(Refer to 2.1a)

- Scholarly record

2.Question 2
Is a first year visual art textbook called Introduction to Art History an example of a primary source, secondary source, or tertiary source?

(Refer to 2.1b)

- Tertiary source

3.Question 3
In which part of an academic journal article would you encounter the findings or outcomes of the research that was conducted?

(Refer to 2.2b)

- Results

4.Question 4
Which of these options is the usual structure of a humanities journal article?

(Refer to 2.2b)

- Abstract, Introduction, Body, Conclusion, References

5.Question 5
You are an undergraduate pharmacology student researching approaches to protein therapeutics over the last 20 years. Where would you begin your search?

(Refer to 2.4)

- Google Scholar

- An academic journal database called Web of Science which gives broad coverage to journal articles in the sciences.

6.Question 6
What is the most important thing that determines where you look for information sources, according to Pat Norman in lesson 2.3?

(Refer to 2.3)

- What you are looking for

7.Question 7
Why do academic journal articles, rather than textbooks or course notes, allow you to enter into the academic conversations of your field?

(Refer to 2.2a)

- Because they are written by academics, for other academics.


- Because they provide more detailed and specific information on a field.


8.Question 8
Consider the following assessment question.

“It is important to remember that educational software, like textbooks, is only one tool in the learning process. Neither can be a substitute for well-trained teachers, leadership, and parental involvement” (Keith Krueger). How important is educational technology?

The first step in developing a search strategy is to break the question down into sub-topics. Choose the best set of sub-topics for this question.

- Textbooks, educational technology, educational leadership, teacher training, parental involvement with education.

9.Question 9
Consider the following assessment question.

“It is important to remember that educational software, like textbooks, is only one tool in the learning process. Neither can be a substitute for well-trained teachers, leadership, and parental involvement” (Keith Krueger). How important is educational technology?

A student has run the following search term while researching the question:

“ “educational technology” AND teacher training NOT parent”

It has returned very few results. Choose the best reason why below.

- The search is too narrow because using AND and NOT as search terms narrows the search

10.Question 10
Consider the following assessment question.

“It is important to remember that educational software, like textbooks, is only one tool in the learning process. Neither can be a substitute for well-trained teachers, leadership, and parental involvement” (Keith Krueger). How important is educational technology?

A student wants to research the importance of technology in curriculum change. What would be the best combination of search terms below?

- technology AND “curriculum change"





