1.Question 1
Read the following example of misconduct.

It’s 4.30, and Mary has just taken the final exam for Introduction to Microbiology. She feels pretty confident she did well when she runs into her friend Jane. 
Jane is in the evening class rather than the afternoon class that Mary is in, and is about to take the exam. She is a little nervous as she hasn’t studied enough, 
so Mary tells her a few of the more difficult questions, and her answers for those questions.

What kind of misconduct is happening?

(Refer to 1.4)

- Facilitation of academic misconduct of another student.

2.Question 2
“Knowledge is soon changed, then lost in the mist, an echo half-heard.” – Gene Wolfe

What quality of academic culture does this relate to?

(Refer to 1.2)

- The contingent nature of academic knowledge.

3.Question 3
“Most English-speaking cultures stress the role of the individual in society …. 
This attitude is reflected in the education system. From pre-school onwards, children are encouraged to express themselves in many different ways, 
and are expected to explore activities, subjects and ideas that interest them.” – Jean Brick

What quality of academic culture does this relate to?

(Refer to 1.2)

- The importance of independent learning.

4.Question 4
Consider the following situation.

In Jeong Woo’s first semester at university he often forgot to get his course readings done in time, 
and had to ask for an extension twice for his assignments as he couldn’t complete them. 
In his second semester he became a lot more aware of when he needed to have completed readings and assignments, 
which resulted in better grades and greater contributions to tutorials.

Which survival skill mentioned in lesson 1.3 does this refer to?

(Refer to 1.3)

- Time management

5.Question 5
Consider the following situation.

Fatima is writing an essay for her Macroeconomics course on the Great Recession. 
She is firmly convinced that a lack of government regulation of the financial industry was responsible for the crisis. 
However, she wants to find some evidence to support her argument before she starts writing.

In lesson 1.2b Michelle Harrison refers to 3 ways that information and digital literacy contribute to the values of academic culture. 
Which way does Fatima’s situation refer to?

(Refer to 1.2b)

- The importance of finding good evidence to support your argument.








